Simplify ORY database upgrade and migration process: docu (#7798)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/security/03-06-oauth2-server.md

By default, every Kyma deployment comes with an OAuth2 authorization server solution from [ORY](https://www.ory.sh/). The `ory` [component](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/resources/ory) consists of four elements:

- [Hydra](https://github.com/ory/hydra) OAuth2 and OpenID Connect server which issues access, refresh, and ID tokens to registered clients which call services in a Kyma cluster.

>   + By default Hydra is deployed with a database backend for persistent data management. The database used is the [official Bitnami Postgres Package](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/postgresql), however we use [Official Postgres Docker images](https://hub.docker.com/_/postgres?tab=description) instead of those provided by Bitnami. This is because postges provided Alpine based images, which are lighter and have a reduced attack surface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + By default Hydra is deployed with a database backend for persistent data management. The database used is the [official Bitnami Postgres Package](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/postgresql), however we use [Official Postgres Docker images](https://hub.docker.com/_/postgres?tab=description) instead of those provided by Bitnami. This is because Postgres provided Alpine based images, which are lighter and have a reduced attack surface.
```

>**TIP:** We strongly recommend backing up this Secret after every installation or upgrade procedure.

### Reaping the parameters

To ensure that the OAuth2 server is configured properly, Helm runs a preliminary job prior to the ORY chart installation or upgrade. This job combines the overrides containing credentials into one Kubernetes Secret accessible to all components involved in the persistence mechanism. The job is also responsible for identifying missing overrides, if any. If a required override has not been specified, the job either falls back to an alternative source of credentials, or fails and logs the missing override key, thus interrupting the installation or upgrade procedure.

#### Prioritization of parameters

This list presents the priority of parameters in descending order:

1. Use the overrides provided by the user before the installation or update process.

2. Reuse the parameters stored in existing Kubernetes Secrets and accessible to the job's container through a volume mount. This option is available only for the update process. 

> >>**CAUTION:** The initial implementation of OAuth2 client persistence in Kyma doesn't follow the single Secret policy, but rather distributes the credentials per component. This mechanism is backward-compatible. However, we recommend removing the deprecated Secrets after upgrading. Deprecated Secrets are: `ory-hydra`, `ory-postgres`, and `ory-gcloud-sqlproxy`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Reuse the parameters stored in existing Kubernetes Secrets and accessible to the job's container through a volume mount. This option is available only for the update process. 

   >>**CAUTION:** The initial implementation of OAuth2 client persistence in Kyma doesn't follow the single Secret policy, but rather distributes the credentials per component. This mechanism is backward-compatible. However, we recommend removing the deprecated Secrets after upgrading. Deprecated Secrets are: `ory-hydra`, `ory-postgres`, and `ory-gcloud-sqlproxy`.
```

>    >>**CAUTION:** The initial implementation of OAuth2 client persistence in Kyma doesn't follow the single Secret policy, but rather distributes the credentials per component. This mechanism is backward-compatible. However, we recommend removing the deprecated Secrets after upgrading. Deprecated Secrets are: `ory-hydra`, `ory-postgres`, and `ory-gcloud-sqlproxy`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   >**CAUTION:** The initial implementation of OAuth2 client persistence in Kyma doesn't follow the single Secret policy, but rather distributes the credentials per component. This mechanism is backward-compatible. However, we recommend removing the deprecated Secrets after upgrading. Deprecated Secrets are: `ory-hydra`, `ory-postgres`, and `ory-gcloud-sqlproxy`.
```

3. Generate random values or fail, depending on the nature of a given value.

The table below lists all the possible keys aggregated in the `ory-hydra-credentials` Secret, along with their fallback policies. 

| Secret | Override | Fallback policy |
|------- |----------|-----------------|

> | `dsn` | This value is constructed | User provided database parameters, or default to in-memory settings |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `dsn` | This value is constructed | User provided database parameters or default to in-memory settings |
```

| `secretsSystem` | `hydra.hydra.config.secrets.system` | Generate random string |
| `secretsCookie` | `hydra.hydra.config.secrets.cookie` | Generate random string |
| `gcp-sa.json` | `global.ory.hydra.persistence.gcloud.saJson` | Interrupt the procedure |

### Helm Overrides

> All required overrides are presented and explained in [this document](#configuration-o-auth2-server-production-profile-persistence)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All required overrides are presented and explained in [this document](#configuration-o-auth2-server-profiles-persistence-modes-for-the-production-profile)
```

> All required overrides are presented and explained in [this document](#configuration-o-auth2-server-profiles-persistence-modes-for-the-production-profile)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For required overrides and their description, see [this document](#configuration-o-auth2-server-profiles-persistence-modes-for-the-production-profile).
```
